  Code pen hw link - https://codepen.io/tushar276/pen/XWMVvmm
  
  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a webpage
    2. What is HTML used for? 
   HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) is the code that is used to structure a web page and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type. In HTML syntax, an attribute is added to an HTML start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is used for Header and I should use it only one time on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id , class & href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title
    7. What is an id? 
    unique identifier of the elemant
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only one
    10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by adding target="_blank" to anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alt attribute refers to alternate text to provide image information
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #name of id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    n HTML, <section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    cascading style sheets to design a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id can be used only one time whereas class can be used as many times as we need
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    In CSS, parent > child selector is separeted by >. This is used when we have to apply style to multiple elements tags under same parent ignoring non parent elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a:link { style }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer. for example - div:hover 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    by using line height in CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    by using letter-spacing in CSS
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase or lowercase or capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {   border:1px dotted #000000; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    by using tag html or body 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* This is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    for folder, you execute pwd command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls -ltr
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <filename>
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is important to keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version. You should use version control software for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will collaborate on.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as possible or after every meaningful change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin <branch_name>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Fork a repo > clone a repo > create new working branch > update code > push working branch to remote > open a pull request to master


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS)
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


